Document swapFunctions of astro:transitions/client (#9084)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/view-transitions.mdx

</script>
```

#### Building blocks for custom swap functions

<p><Since v="4.15.0" /></p>

> Astro offers utility functions that can be used to define a custom swap implementation.
> The `swapFunction` object of the `astro:transitions/client` module provides several reusable building blocks. The following example demonstrates how to combine these blocks to re-create Astro's built-in swap implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `swapFunction` object of the `astro:transitions/client` module defines a `swap` implementation with five utility functions to describe specific actions related to page elements, attributes, and scripts during the swap transition. These can be used directly to define a custom swap implementation.

The following example uses these six functions to Astro's built-in `swap` implementation:
``` 
This might not be entirely accurate, but what about something in this style?

</script>
```

#### Building a custom swap function

<p><Since v="4.15.0" /></p>

The `swapFunction` object of the `astro:transitions/client` module provides five utility functions that handle specific swap-related tasks, including handling document attributes, page elements, and script execution. These functions can be used directly to define a custom swap implementation.

The following example demonstrates how to use these functions to recreate Astro's built-in swap implementation:

```astro
<script>
import { swapFunctions } from 'astro:transitions/client';

// substitutes window.document with doc
function mySwap(doc: Document) {
  swapFunctions.deselectScripts(doc);
  swapFunctions.swapRootAttributes(doc);
  swapFunctions.swapHeadElements(doc);
  const restoreFocusFunction = swapFunctions.saveFocus();
  swapFunctions.swapBodyElement(doc.body, document.body);
  restoreFocusFunction();
};

...

>   ev.swap = () => mySwap(ev.newDocument);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  event.swap = () => mySwap(event.newDocument);
```
Last tiny tiny thing: assuming that `ev` stands for `event`, we generally prefer to write these words out in full as they can help people who aren't used to standard abbreviations. This would be my *preference*, if correct!

Author: Good one! I had used `ev` for consistency with the rest of the page. Now everything is consistent again ;)
